I hurt you so badly, it's excruciating.
Answer me.
He Jiu Ling, you're insane!
Bastard.
Ji Lingling, Ji Lingling.
Sir, Miss Ji must have suffered
a strong mental shock.
Plus physical exhaustion
exceeded her capacity,
that's why she passed out.
As long as she rests well,
she should wake up soon.
How soon is soon?
About one or two days.
These two days,
you must stay at the manor at all times.
If anything happens to her,
you'll pay for it.
Yes, yes, sir.
Ji Lingling, why did you lie to me?
I clearly didn't sleep with her,
Why did you get so drunk?
You deliberately said these things,
trying to get me to let you go.
Let me tell you,
I will never let you go in this life.
Get better soon.